Add diffusion-implicit time stepping heat tutorial (#416)
SciML/SciMLTutorials.jl: README.md

- Advanced
  - [A 2D Cardiac Electrophysiology Model (CUDA-accelerated PDE solver)](http://tutorials.juliadiffeq.org/html/advanced/01-beeler_reuter.html)
  - [Solving Stiff Equations](http://tutorials.juliadiffeq.org/html/advanced/02-advanced_ODE_solving.html)

>   - [Solving Stiff Equations (the heat equation)](http://tutorials.juliadiffeq.org/html/advanced/04-diffusion_implicit_heat_equation.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Solving the heat equation with diffusion-implicit time-stepping](http://tutorials.juliadiffeq.org/html/advanced/04-diffusion_implicit_heat_equation.html)
```
